---
slug: "/owners-updates/2020-w13-alec-1"
date: "2020-12-08"
title: "Alec's Week 13 Owners Update"
---

Brother Nordgren, what a pleasant surprise you present of prose has promulgated!

As a feather in this season's death cap, I present to Der Bruden a most prized articulation by a great leader of men, and fellow Fiji, Calvin Cooledge.

Nothing in this world can take the place of persistence. Talent will not; nothing is more common than unsuccessful men with talent. Genius will not; unrewarded genius is almost a proverb. Education will not; the world is full of educated derelicts. Persistence and determination alone are omnipotent. The slogan Press On! has solved and always will solve the problems of the human race.

I have acquired a .50 caliber muzzleloading rifle as a lone accompaniment for a ride through snowy fields, the winter sun upon my face, toward yet another vagabondage intent on quiet reflection of my failures. A weighty sum of thoughts that grows more cumbersome with each failed seasonal march. I intend to discuss my contemplations with Charon upon arrival at the river, post propitiation via the absorbant cloth that is the woeful diaper.

Perhaps the gods will look favorably upon my sojourn and reward my troubled thoughts with the salubrious harvest of ruminant offal. If the incantation of champion bloodline is to be rewoken, I will need all of the fortitude and tenacity possible to smite down thy filthy barbarian hordes to come. I must Press On!

My journey shall take me through old town Lincoln on the 20th of Decembre, I do hope to parliament with those members of the brotherhood still living at that juncture.

Yours in body and clear mind,

Brother Squanto
