---
slug: '/owners-updates/2020-w3-andy-1'
date: '2020-09-30'
title: "Andy's Week 3 Owners Update"
---

Bruden, (Apologies for the long post in advance)

Monday night the KylerMurray Wine Mixers got our first win and a cool new team name. Since I feel I’ve already gloated enough I’m going to use this opportunity to talk about how we could approach implementing draft pick trades and/or a dynasty league for next season. To me the two issues don’t have to be tangled together so for people in the league that are interested in draft pick trading, but are hesitant to go full dynasty league we can keep them as separate voting issues. I’ll start this week with draft pick trading...

1. ESPN does not allow trades involving 2021 draft picks during the 2020 season so we would have to keep track of the picks being traded ourselves. Whenever someone agrees to a trade involving a draft pick they will need to text the trade to the league group text then I’ll volunteer to keep track of the traded picks on a google spreadsheet. I’ll also send everyone the link to the spreadsheet so anyone in the league can look at it and see what picks each team has in the upcoming draft.
1. I’ve been looking into the ESPN draft settings and it looks like they aren’t very friendly to future draft pick trades. In order to make it work in ESPN we would need to have an honor system approach. For example I traded my 2021 3rd round draft pick to Jordan, when the draft comes Jordan will tell me who he wants to pick in the third round and I will take that player and trade them to Jordan before the season starts. This could lead to some problems if a team has to auto draft like what happened this year and it takes a bit more coordination between everyone in the league which could gum up the works.
1. A solution to the problems posed by the ESPN drafts would be to use a different fantasy football app. The Sleeper Fantasy Football App would allow us to trade future draft picks by setting our league as a keeper league then not designating any keepers (I’m not sure if this could work on ESPN, but if it does then great!).
1. If we don’t want to change our app altogether we could use an outside drafting service like clicky draft. The upside to this service is that we can set a custom draft order. The downside to this option is that it would cost us money and it would make the league manager have to input the results of the draft manually after the draft which would be a big headache.
1. Trading draft picks could lead to some teams tanking when they know that they aren’t going to win a championship. Personally I don’t see a problem with that, but the way to combat it would be to set an early trade deadline and to also increase the punishments for not doing well in the league. I’d suggest that the owner of any team that doesn’t make the playoffs has to diaper with a jersey on while last place has to go full diaper.

Honestly I think that allowing draft pick trading is a no brainer for our league. It will make the draft and trading much more interesting overall.

TLDR: We should implement draft pick trading and these are the options on how to do it. The easiest way in the ESPN app is to have an honor system approach. The easiest overall would be to switch apps altogether to the Sleeper Fantasy app.

Best Wishes,

Andrew “Dirty Cat” Nitz
