---
slug: '/owners-updates/2020-w13-andy-1'
date: '2020-12-24'
title: "Andy's Week 13 Owners Update"
---

Hey guys,

Since I won’t be able to make it to the fantasy party this year and there’s been a lot of talk about possibly becoming a dynasty league I thought I’d share my vision on how we would go about doing that so you guys could have a starting point for drunken rambling discussion. One thing I would like to point out is that dynasty league ideas can be separate from the draft pick trading ideas that I sent out a few months ago if people don’t want to make the move to dynasty yet, but would like to add draft pick trading.

1. The basic structure would be allowing the option to carry over one player per team from the previous season (in this case the 2021 season into the 2022 season).
1. The player in question has to have been taken after the second round of the previous draft.
1. If a team decides to keep a player they must pay a \$20 premium which will be allocated to the winner of the league in addition to his earnings OR paid to the team that has the highest points for after the regular season is over (personally I’d prefer the latter but its up to you guys)
1. Each manager has to text which player they want to keep for that season to the group chat 3 days before the draft so the league manager can set things up correctly (this might already be taken care of through ESPN but if it isn’t I just wanted to have something in place)
1. Draft pick trading is implemented the way I laid out earlier with a deadline of 3 days before the draft (but it can go on during the draft)

This is just a basic layout and you guys can change any of the specifics as you see fit, such as allowing two players to be carried over or changing the premium amounts. The reason for the premium is because I want there to be a greater level of risk for a team that decides to keep a player so that the manager has to think twice before keeping someone.

I’m bummed that I won’t be able to make it to the fantasy party this year guys, it’s something I always look forward to. Unfortunately I haven’t started my job yet but I could leave Charlotte alone on Christmas just to hang with you degenerates. I’ve also moved into my new apartment and slowly but surely things have been coming together. I think by the end of January the place will look decent enough for people to come stay here, so if anyone is in the mood to travel let me know. I’ll also be free to zoom/FaceTime during the party so hit me up if you guys find the time between keg stands.

Merry Christmas,

Dirty
