---
slug: '/owners-updates/2020-w1-alec-1'
date: '2020-09-17'
title: "Alec's Week 1 Owners Update"
---

Der Bruden

The unknown is the only true fear of man. As such, the only viable abolition from fear is sadism. A man must seek out and apply the searing pain that is fire to relinquish its counterpart, light, and welcome the world that has become his. This is what I have done in week one. I have felt the sting of loss.

To conquer an enemy man must study. He must move swiftly and smoothly as not to alarm his prey. He must observe, think, and deduce in order to anticipate any retaliation that will assuredly follow, and, for this, he must prepare, as I am preparing.

Distraction is the devil’s method of separating man from his destiny. A man shall not allow coin, flesh, nor abject discussion of polity to infringe on is inherent right to greatness. Focus is the singular antivenom to the Devil’s toxic fang. Focus is what I have found during my reclusion to Pahá Sápa. I have searched for it through the smoke filled trees. I have hunted for it from atop the black valleys. I have felt it as I put foot in front of its monogamous mate, slowly, steadily progressing toward my prize.

I am now primed for my first strike, as a viper, who waits patiently coiled watching the filthy rat who blindly stumbles into his periphery, is primed. My sinewy arm, now covered in colorful death, eager to seek out its familiar grip of a cross collar choke and send Dad Joe to his untimely demise. My mind, sharp, as I hone it nightly against the irons that are applied matrices and deep thoughts of causal relations. I am ready to march through hellfire and capture its essence to be used as the omnipotent point of my spear, for I have become death, destroyer of worlds.
