---
slug: "/owners-updates/2020-w4-derek-1"
date: "2020-10-09"
title: "Derek's Week 4 Owners Update"
---

A fantasy football haiku:

> Defeated by Miles
> Diaper wearers flee the league
> Miles defeat pending

---

Ahoy, Bruden --

As I pen this, I am boarding a plane bound for our Midwestern homeland. I am overjoyed that I will soon see Old Glory flying and feel the fertile earth beneath my feet after quite an interlude. My mind drifts longingly to thoughts of a rowdy and soul-restoring rendezvous with those of you who will be in LNK this next fortnight.

There has been much gnashing of teeth at our couple diaper-wearers Peanut and Sags who are still down on their luck--and speak gravely of leaving the league. I, too, was once a member of that wretched diaper rank but have since ascended. In American Dream fashion I've traded my lowly heritage for that of the playoff-worthy--let it be known I am not casting my lot in with them. The menace of the diaper is strong but I believe the gravity of league brotherhood is stronger and I have confidence they'll pull through.

I had a jovial time that previous evening planning our town square that is derbruden.com with you fellas. It's plain now but I admire its prospects...free time these next two weeks will be hard to come by but once I return to the UK I will be quarantined from civilization for two further weeks and should have ample time to make this space our own and something worth being a member for.

Finally, I must address the Raunchy One's characterization of my secretarial performance--I hope that more than three of our brothers pen between weeks so as not to water down these letters. Perhaps biweekly is more achievable for our laggards? Despite his harsh words, I must congratulate the Lieutenant on the might of his pen yet again this week. He is a formidable contender for the golden quill award this year.

Grant me fortune tearing into one Miles this week where I couldn't the other previously. I shall see some of you blessedly soon.

Your lousy English fuck,

--Derek
