---
slug: "/owners-updates/2020-w13-derek-1"
date: "2020-12-08"
title: "Derek's Week 13 Owners Update"
---

Brothers,

It's been a healthy while since I sent one of these out--my apologies. The chat has been good fun but that's no substitute for good ol' fashioned long (ish) form writing. The playoffs are upon us but we have a coupla good weeks left before the party during which the Coles, Daltons and Alecs of the league can spin their yarns and dazzle us with their wordplay for the league's second most noble prize (best email as voted by party attendees).

--

I cannot tell you the relief I felt getting up about 4am last night and seeing two things on my phone:

- Big Ben and the rest of my pitiful team scored enough points to keep me ahead of Zach in PF
- Alec's eleventh-hour diaper-dom escape attempt was the latest casualty of the China Virus

Ever since Alec began his resurgence a couple weeks ago I've been suffering the late-night diaper sweats imagining a recurrence of a horrible season many years ago. My team must be one of the sorriest bunches in all of fantasy football these days--one more week of regular season could've been the end of me. Dark days. Such promise in the first two weeks of the season...such rubbish to end it. Glad we're not a keeper league (yet?) as outside of Metcalf, my team can all go to hell.

That said, as with everything there is a silver lining - Alec, I'm glad your recent workouts won't be in vain.

--

On a personal note, I don't have much to report. London was under a 4-week lockdown until a few days ago but we have freedom again. There's something strangely powerful about a beer at the pub and the first one back in that saddle last week was especially great. Ellen and I fly back Dec 19 and will be back until Jan 3 so excited to see a good few of you at the party and elsewhere. I participated in "Movember" (the UK's version of No Shave November where you grow a mustache). My lady tickler's still hanging around so looking forward to immortalizing my diaper-less machismo in this year's picture and on the website.

See you all on the other side,

--Derek

--

PS: What should I do with derbruden.com? I'm going to get the other pictures up soon, but I can't decide what the site should be. League bulletin board / messages / forum? League statistics? Something else? I could use ideas; HMU.
